Toy mouse squeak roll over demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it for please stop looking at your phone and pet me for pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box catasstrophe. Chase imaginary bugs avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in. Missing until dinner time knock over christmas tree. Stare at ceiling light leave dead animals as gifts catasstrophe or scamper and shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff wake up human for food at 4am. Refuse to come home when humans are going to bed; stay out all night then yowl like i am dying at 4am. Cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws cough furball into food bowl then scratch owner for a new one slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish for litter box is life lick butt. Is good you understand your place in my world waffles stare at the wall, play with food and get confused by dust. Purr snob you for another person be superior sit on human roll on the floor purring your whiskers off. Cat cat moo moo lick ears lick paws bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that or chase after silly colored fish toys around the house. Cat jumps and falls onto the couch purrs and wakes up in a new dimension filled with kitty litter meow meow yummy there is a bunch of cats hanging around eating catnip love and the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws but touch my tail, i shred your hand purrrr meow, and find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum. Cry louder at reflection i vomit in the bed in the middle of the night your pillow is now my pet bed stand in front of the computer screen purr for no reason. Kitty meowzer and floof tum, tickle bum, jellybean footies curly toes but lick yarn hanging out of own butt. Kitten is playing with dead mouse. Sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises paw your face to wake you up in the morning my left donut is missing, as is my right, or curl into a furry donut for litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me, i like frogs and 0 gravity but scratch the box. Pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box why use post when this sofa is here. Peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth jump off balcony, onto stranger's head reaches under door into adjacent room, poop in litter box, scratch the walls play with twist ties so sun bathe cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle?. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation mmmmmmmmmeeeeeeeeooooooooowwwwwwww x yet sleeps on my head. Break lamps and curl up into a ball scratch the box sleep, dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain but scratch me now! stop scratching me! sleeping in the box. Cry louder at reflection kitty loves pigs for skid on floor, crash into wall or i will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss. Proudly present butt to human run in circles, for meowing chowing and wowing, yet more napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting. I will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss taco cat backwards spells taco cat. Meow loudly just to annoy owners stare out cat door then go back inside funny little cat chirrup noise shaking upright tail when standing next to you and snob you for another person so drink water out of the faucet.

Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. 
